resources.md, before:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page with opinion polls: "[Opinion polling for the Swedish general election, 2018](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_Swedish_general_election,_2018)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Sweden](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Sweden)
+ [Pollofpolls.se](http://pollofpolls.se/)
+ [Poll of Polls – Sweden – Riksdag (Swedish Parliament)](https://pollofpolls.eu/SE)
+ [Twitter Search: EuropeElects Sweden](https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=europeelects%20sweden&src=typd)
+ [val.digital](https://val.digital/)

## Other Resources

+ The RSS 2.0 feed for this site: [rss.xml](rss.xml)
+ The Atom feed for this site: [atom.xml](atom.xml)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/swedish_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/swedish_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Flemish Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_polls/) and [Flemish EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_ep_polls/)
+ [German EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/german_ep_polls/)
+ [Hungarian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/hungarian_polls/) and [Hungarian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/hungarian_ep_polls/)
+ [Icelandic Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/icelandic_polls/)
+ [Latvian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/latvian_polls/) and [Latvian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/latvian_ep_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Slovenian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/slovenian_polls/) and [Slovenian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/slovenian_ep_polls/)
+ [Swedish EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/swedish_ep_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)

Commit message:

Added the page with the official results of 2014 to the page with resources

resources.md, after:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page with opinion polls: "[Opinion polling for the Swedish general election, 2018](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_Swedish_general_election,_2018)"
+ Official results for the 2014 elections by Valmyndigheten: "[Röster – Val 2014](https://data.val.se/val/val2014/slutresultat/R/rike/index.html)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Sweden](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Sweden)
+ [Pollofpolls.se](http://pollofpolls.se/)
+ [Poll of Polls – Sweden – Riksdag (Swedish Parliament)](https://pollofpolls.eu/SE)
+ [Twitter Search: EuropeElects Sweden](https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=europeelects%20sweden&src=typd)
+ [val.digital](https://val.digital/)

## Other Resources

+ The RSS 2.0 feed for this site: [rss.xml](rss.xml)
+ The Atom feed for this site: [atom.xml](atom.xml)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/swedish_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/swedish_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Flemish Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_polls/) and [Flemish EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_ep_polls/)
+ [German EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/german_ep_polls/)
+ [Hungarian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/hungarian_polls/) and [Hungarian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/hungarian_ep_polls/)
+ [Icelandic Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/icelandic_polls/)
+ [Latvian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/latvian_polls/) and [Latvian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/latvian_ep_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Slovenian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/slovenian_polls/) and [Slovenian EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/slovenian_ep_polls/)
+ [Swedish EP Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/swedish_ep_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)
